IfcCableCarrierSegment Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:35:59.7576580Z (#154)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/i/IsAdjustable_00OvkE_Rn4KBS$xE3fF5xV/Documentation.md

> To indicate whether the dropper is adjustable or not.

Reviewer: Either genrslise this or consider slightly more specific property name. I suggestion generic description

> To indicate whether the element is adjustable or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the element is adjustable or not.
```
